This tutorial shows how to use configuration defaults, choose PDB, schema, and FILE# targets, and review retained evidence.
Use crashsimulator.conf for non-secret defaults so operators do not need to retype ORACLE_HOME, PDB, log directory, or reporting context.
Keep passwords, wallets, API keys, and private keys in environment variables or secure vaults, not in the config file or repository.
Before a drill, show the active startup configuration and confirm the values loaded from environment and config file.
When a scenario needs a PDB, schema, or FILE#, the Guided Workflow prompts for the missing target before validation or execution.
For datafile and recovery helpers, FILE# selection can be driven by discovery, the manifest, or explicit CLI context.
Use the artifact browser to inspect retained reports, manifests, SQL, RMAN command files, logs, and evidence files by date and type.
The Review Center opens the latest topology, reports, logs, and HTML artifacts without reconnecting to the database.
For training and compliance, retain per-run audit records and set a purge policy that matches your evidence retention requirements.
At the end of every drill, review the runbook, manifest, execution log, recovery log, health check, and report HTML before closing the exercise.